OKTA-519246 Fixing 404s and alias updates fixit days (#3520)
okta/okta-developer-docs: packages/@okta/vuepress-site/docs/guides/social-login/main/yahoo/appidpinokta.md

* **Name**: Enter a name for the Identity Provider in Okta.
* **Client ID**: Paste the generated client ID from your <StackSnippet snippet="idp" inline /> application.
* **Client Secret**: Paste the generated client secret from your <StackSnippet snippet="idp" inline /> application.

> * **Scopes**: Leave the defaults for a simple sign-in flow. You can also add scopes. See [Yahoo OAuth 2.0 Guide](https://developer.yahoo.com/oauth2/guide/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Scopes**: Leave the defaults for a simple sign-in flow. You can also add scopes. See [Yahoo OpenID Connect scope](https://developer.yahoo.com/oauth2/guide/OpenID2/).
```
